Hermes desktop app just launched, but Hermes desktop app just launched, but Hermes desktop app just launched, but how do you actually go and make money be how do you actually go and make money be how do you actually go and make money be more productive using Hermes desktop and more productive using Hermes desktop and more productive using Hermes desktop and Hermes agents in general? So today I Hermes agents in general? So today I Hermes agents in general? So today I have Alex Finn on and he gives you an have Alex Finn on and he gives you an have Alex Finn on and he gives you an entire walk-through of how to use Hermes entire walk-through of how to use Hermes entire walk-through of how to use Hermes desktop app, all the nooks and crannies, desktop app, all the nooks and crannies, desktop app, all the nooks and crannies, explains everything so so clearly, and explains everything so so clearly, and explains everything so so clearly, and then we go through some use cases. So then we go through some use cases. So then we go through some use cases. So stick stick around to the end where we stick stick around to the end where we stick stick around to the end where we show you exactly how you can set up show you exactly how you can set up show you exactly how you can set up Hermes agents that go and build [music] Hermes agents that go and build [music] Hermes agents that go and build [music] businesses for you. This is the most businesses for you. This is the most businesses for you. This is the most comprehensive tutorial on Hermes desktop comprehensive tutorial on Hermes desktop comprehensive tutorial on Hermes desktop app and Hermes agents on the internet, app and Hermes agents on the internet, app and Hermes agents on the internet, and I can't wait for you to actually go, and I can't wait for you to actually go, and I can't wait for you to actually go, learn, build, [music] and have some fun. learn, build, [music] and have some fun. learn, build, [music] and have some fun. Enjoy the episode. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Alex Finn, &gt;&gt; Alex Finn, &gt;&gt; Alex Finn, I need you by the end of this episode to I need you by the end of this episode to I need you by the end of this episode to explain to me why I need to get Hermes explain to me why I need to get Hermes explain to me why I need to get Hermes desktop. I need you to walk me through desktop. I need you to walk me through desktop. I need you to walk me through Hermes desktop. I need you to show me Hermes desktop. I need you to show me Hermes desktop. I need you to show me use cases use cases use cases of Hermes that show me how I can make of Hermes that show me how I can make of Hermes that show me how I can make money, be more productive, money, be more productive, money, be more productive, um and I need to you to explain me why I um and I need to you to explain me why I um and I need to you to explain me why I need to get off OpenClaw, why I need to need to get off OpenClaw, why I need to need to get off OpenClaw, why I need to shut down my Telegram, and everything in shut down my Telegram, and everything in shut down my Telegram, and everything in between. Alex Finn, can you do that by between. Alex Finn, can you do that by between. Alex Finn, can you do that by the end of the episode? the end of the episode? the end of the episode? &gt;&gt; Greg Eisenberg, &gt;&gt; Greg Eisenberg, &gt;&gt; Greg Eisenberg, mission accepted. We will do that. We mission accepted. We will do that. We mission accepted. We will do that. We will go through why Hermes desktop is will go through why Hermes desktop is will go through why Hermes desktop is the best AI agent experience on planet the best AI agent experience on planet the best AI agent experience on planet Earth. We'll go through every feature, Earth. We'll go through every feature, Earth. We'll go through every feature, every nuance, every secret, and then every nuance, every secret, and then every nuance, every secret, and then we'll show you the sauce. We'll go we'll show you the sauce. We'll go we'll show you the sauce. We'll go through all the use cases you can do, through all the use cases you can do, through all the use cases you can do, every person watching this video, so every person watching this video, so every person watching this video, so they can get tremendous amount of value they can get tremendous amount of value they can get tremendous amount of value out of Hermes agent. out of Hermes agent. out of Hermes agent. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. &gt;&gt; All right, we'll do it. Here we go. I'm &gt;&gt; All right, we'll do it. Here we go. I'm &gt;&gt; All right, we'll do it. Here we go. I'm going to share share my screen. Uh great going to share share my screen. Uh great going to share share my screen. Uh great to be speaking with you, Greg. I have to be speaking with you, Greg. I have to be speaking with you, Greg. I have been deep into Hermes Agent Desktop the been deep into Hermes Agent Desktop the been deep into Hermes Agent Desktop the last few days. So, they released this a last few days. So, they released this a last few days. So, they released this a few days ago now. I wasn't expecting it. few days ago now. I wasn't expecting it. few days ago now. I wasn't expecting it. Uh, I I believe this is like the moment Uh, I I believe this is like the moment Uh, I I believe this is like the moment that Hermes overtook OpenClaw to be that Hermes overtook OpenClaw to be that Hermes overtook OpenClaw to be quite honest. And as most people quite honest. And as most people quite honest. And as most people probably know, I was like the OpenClaw probably know, I was like the OpenClaw probably know, I was like the OpenClaw guy. I was at a poker tournament last guy. I was at a poker tournament last guy. I was at a poker tournament last night and a guy was like, "Hey, you're night and a guy was like, "Hey, you're night and a guy was like, "Hey, you're the guy getting paid by OpenClaw, the guy getting paid by OpenClaw, the guy getting paid by OpenClaw, right?" And I'm like, "No, I don't even right?" And I'm like, "No, I don't even right?" And I'm like, "No, I don't even talk about OpenClaw anymore. What are talk about OpenClaw anymore. What are talk about OpenClaw anymore. What are you talking about?" Um, you talking about?" Um, you talking about?" Um, this is Hermes Agent Desktop. So, before this is Hermes Agent Desktop. So, before this is Hermes Agent Desktop. So, before everyone was using Hermes and OpenClaw everyone was using Hermes and OpenClaw everyone was using Hermes and OpenClaw inside Telegram, inside Telegram, inside Telegram, inside Signal, iMessage, all of that. I inside Signal, iMessage, all of that. I inside Signal, iMessage, all of that. I think this is the single best way to use think this is the single best way to use think this is the single best way to use Hermes Agent now. I I I I think I I Hermes Agent now. I I I I think I I Hermes Agent now. I I I I think I I don't use Telegram on desktop anymore. I don't use Telegram on desktop anymore. I don't use Telegram on desktop anymore. I don't use any other experience. This is don't use any other experience. This is don't use any other experience. This is clearly the best way to be using Hermes clearly the best way to be using Hermes clearly the best way to be using Hermes Agent. Agent. Agent. There is a lot here. So, uh, few things. There is a lot here. So, uh, few things. There is a lot here. So, uh, few things. One, sessions all here, right? So, One, sessions all here, right? So, One, sessions all here, right? So, before in Telegram, if you wanted some before in Telegram, if you wanted some before in Telegram, if you wanted some idea of sessions or multi-threading, you idea of sessions or multi-threading, you idea of sessions or multi-threading, you needed