I recently covered an unofficial desktop I recently covered an unofficial desktop I recently covered an unofficial desktop version of Hermes Agent and you all seem version of Hermes Agent and you all seem version of Hermes Agent and you all seem to love it. But, there was one major to love it. But, there was one major to love it. But, there was one major limitation. It wasn't actually built by limitation. It wasn't actually built by limitation. It wasn't actually built by Nous Research, the team behind Hermes Nous Research, the team behind Hermes Nous Research, the team behind Hermes Agent, and it lacked many of the Agent, and it lacked many of the Agent, and it lacked many of the capabilities available in the full capabilities available in the full capabilities available in the full Hermes experience. It was essentially a Hermes experience. It was essentially a Hermes experience. It was essentially a community project designed to make community project designed to make community project designed to make Hermes more accessible through a desktop Hermes more accessible through a desktop Hermes more accessible through a desktop application. But now, that's changed cuz application. But now, that's changed cuz application. But now, that's changed cuz just yesterday, Nous Research team just yesterday, Nous Research team just yesterday, Nous Research team officially launched the Hermes desktop officially launched the Hermes desktop officially launched the Hermes desktop application. A brand new native app that application. A brand new native app that application. A brand new native app that brings the full Hermes Agent experience brings the full Hermes Agent experience brings the full Hermes Agent experience directly onto your machine. And this is directly onto your machine. And this is directly onto your machine. And this is a big deal because this isn't some a big deal because this isn't some a big deal because this isn't some lightweight clone or a separate product. lightweight clone or a separate product. lightweight clone or a separate product. Hermes desktop is built around the same Hermes desktop is built around the same Hermes desktop is built around the same exact agent that powers the CLI and exact agent that powers the CLI and exact agent that powers the CLI and gateway versions. That means the same gateway versions. That means the same gateway versions. That means the same configuration, same API keys, same configuration, same API keys, same configuration, same API keys, same sessions, same skills, memory systems, sessions, same skills, memory systems, sessions, same skills, memory systems, and the same autonomous workflow is and the same autonomous workflow is and the same autonomous workflow is present. If you've already been using present. If you've already been using present. If you've already been using Hermes through the terminal, everything Hermes through the terminal, everything Hermes through the terminal, everything you've configured carries over you've configured carries over you've configured carries over automatically. Likewise, anything you do automatically. Likewise, anything you do automatically. Likewise, anything you do inside the desktop application is inside the desktop application is inside the desktop application is reflected throughout the rest of the reflected throughout the rest of the reflected throughout the rest of the Hermes ecosystem. If you want to test Hermes ecosystem. If you want to test Hermes ecosystem. If you want to test models the same way I do on real vibe models the same way I do on real vibe models the same way I do on real vibe coding tasks with my prompts, the World coding tasks with my prompts, the World coding tasks with my prompts, the World of AI Arena benchmark and vibe coding of AI Arena benchmark and vibe coding of AI Arena benchmark and vibe coding platform is live and you can easily get platform is live and you can easily get platform is live and you can easily get started with the links in the started with the links in the started with the links in the description below for free. For those description below for free. For those description below for free. For those unfamiliar with Hermes Agent, it's one unfamiliar with Hermes Agent, it's one unfamiliar with Hermes Agent, it's one of the most interesting open-source AI of the most interesting open-source AI of the most interesting open-source AI agent projects right now. And in my agent projects right now. And in my agent projects right now. And in my opinion, I believe it to be the third opinion, I believe it to be the third opinion, I believe it to be the third ranking harness that is available right ranking harness that is available right ranking harness that is available right now. It's built by Nous Research under now. It's built by Nous Research under now. It's built by Nous Research under the MIT license and Hermes is designed the MIT license and Hermes is designed the MIT license and Hermes is designed as a persistent autonomous system that as a persistent autonomous system that as a persistent autonomous system that continuously evolves over time. And as continuously evolves over time. And as continuously evolves over time. And as you use it more, it keeps on improving you use it more, it keeps on improving you use it more, it keeps on improving and becomes even better. It can run 24/7 and becomes even better. It can run 24/7 and becomes even better. It can run 24/7 off of your own infrastructure while off of your own infrastructure while off of your own infrastructure while building long-term memory, creating building long-term memory, creating building long-term memory, creating reusable skills, and developing deeper reusable skills, and developing deeper reusable skills, and developing deeper understanding of your project, understanding of your project, understanding of your project, workflows, and preferences. But, to get workflows, and preferences. But, to get workflows, and preferences. But, to get started with this desktop app, head over started with this desktop app, head over started with this desktop app, head over to the Hermes website, which I'll leave to the Hermes website, which I'll leave to the Hermes website, which I'll leave a link to in the description below. And a link to in the description below. And a link to in the description below. And one thing you will notice right away is one thing you will notice right away is one thing you will notice right away is that Hermes desktop is supported with that Hermes desktop is supported with that Hermes desktop is supported with Windows, macOS, Linux out of the box, Windows, macOS, Linux out of the box, Windows, macOS, Linux out of the box, making it accessible regardless of your making it accessible regardless of your making it accessible regardless of your operating system. If you've been using operating system. If you've been using operating system. If you've been using AI coding agents lately, you probably AI coding agents lately, you probably AI coding agents lately, you probably noticed something. The model alone isn't noticed something. The model alone isn't noticed something. The model alone isn't enough anymore. The real bottleneck is enough anymore. The real bottleneck is enough anymore. The real bottleneck is infrastructure and integrations, and infrastructure and integrations, and infrastructure and integrations, and that's where Zapier comes in, which is that's where Zapier comes in, which is that's where Zapier comes in, which is also today's video sponsor. Zapier's new also today's video sponsor. Zapier's new also today's video sponsor. Zapier's new MCP plus SDK infrastructure lets AI MCP plus SDK infrastructure lets AI MCP plus SDK infrastructure lets AI models like Claude, GPT, and Gemini models like Claude, GPT, and Gemini models like Claude, GPT, and Gemini actually take action across your apps actually take action across your apps actually take action across your apps instead of just generating text. So, instead of just generating text. So, instead of just generating text. So, your agents can interact with tools like your agents can interact with tools like your agents can interact with tools like Slack, Gmail, Notion, HubSpot, Slack, Gmail, Notion, HubSpot, Slack, Gmail, Notion, HubSpot, Salesforce, and so many others without Salesforce, and so many others without Salesforce, and so many others without manually wiring APIs together. What's manually wiring APIs together. What's manually wiring APIs together. What's really cool is the multi-model approach. really cool is the multi-model approach. really cool is the multi-model approach. You're not locked into a single AI You're not locked into a single AI You're not locked into a single AI vendor anymore. The same workflow can vendor anymore. The same workflow can vendor anymore. The same workflow can run across different models, which is run across different models, which is run across different models, which is super important with how fast models and super important with how fast models and super important with how fast models and policies change right now. policies change right now. policies