You've probably already heard by now You've probably already heard by now You've probably already heard by now that the Hermes agent is the most that the Hermes agent is the most that the Hermes agent is the most powerful personal agent around and powerful personal agent around and powerful personal agent around and that's not wrong. It actually has that's not wrong. It actually has that's not wrong. It actually has numerous features that make it so much numerous features that make it so much numerous features that make it so much better than Open Claw. But what happens better than Open Claw. But what happens better than Open Claw. But what happens when you connect it to one of the most when you connect it to one of the most when you connect it to one of the most powerful coding agents out there, Claude powerful coding agents out there, Claude powerful coding agents out there, Claude Code? On its own, Claude Code is great, Code? On its own, Claude Code is great, Code? On its own, Claude Code is great, but it's missing one crucial part from but it's missing one crucial part from but it's missing one crucial part from the Hermes agent, the self-evolving the Hermes agent, the self-evolving the Hermes agent, the self-evolving skill system. Paired with that, you can skill system. Paired with that, you can skill system. Paired with that, you can create workflows that are so much more create workflows that are so much more create workflows that are so much more autonomous, even for things that we autonomous, even for things that we autonomous, even for things that we didn't think could be automated. But didn't think could be automated. But didn't think could be automated. But other than as a personal agent, you can other than as a personal agent, you can other than as a personal agent, you can set it for any business that wants to set it for any business that wants to set it for any business that wants to automate their processes and it's really automate their processes and it's really automate their processes and it's really simple. But since a lot of you might be simple. But since a lot of you might be simple. But since a lot of you might be new to the Hermes agent, you don't need new to the Hermes agent, you don't need new to the Hermes agent, you don't need to worry as we're going to guide you to worry as we're going to guide you to worry as we're going to guide you through it. But before we get into the through it. But before we get into the through it. But before we get into the setup, let's start with why the setup, let's start with why the setup, let's start with why the self-evolving skill system matters in self-evolving skill system matters in self-evolving skill system matters in the first place. When we came across it, the first place. When we came across it, the first place. When we came across it, we figured it might actually be better we figured it might actually be better we figured it might actually be better than Open Claw. It wasn't just some than Open Claw. It wasn't just some than Open Claw. It wasn't just some random project. It's actually built by random project. It's actually built by random project. It's actually built by Nous Research, one of the leading labs Nous Research, one of the leading labs Nous Research, one of the leading labs in open-source AI and it has become one in open-source AI and it has become one in open-source AI and it has become one of their most popular projects. Also, of their most popular projects. Also, of their most popular projects. Also, here's something interesting. The Hermes here's something interesting. The Hermes here's something interesting. The Hermes agent was actually built before Open agent was actually built before Open agent was actually built before Open Claw. It just didn't get much hype at Claw. It just didn't get much hype at Claw. It just didn't get much hype at first. The people over at Nous Research first. The people over at Nous Research first. The people over at Nous Research also tried Open Claw, but they ran into also tried Open Claw, but they ran into also tried Open Claw, but they ran into issues with it, so they switched to issues with it, so they switched to issues with it, so they switched to their own setup. They saw its problems their own setup. They saw its problems their own setup. They saw its problems firsthand and open-sourced their firsthand and open-sourced their firsthand and open-sourced their solution. Most of the features Hermes solution. Most of the features Hermes solution. Most of the features Hermes has are the same as Open Claws. Just has are the same as Open Claws. Just has are the same as Open Claws. Just like Open Claw, you can connect it to like Open Claw, you can connect it to like Open Claw, you can connect it to multiple platforms, but there are two multiple platforms, but there are two multiple platforms, but there are two things that make it so much better. The things that make it so much better. The things that make it so much better. The first is persistent memory and the first is persistent memory and the first is persistent memory and the second is self-improving skills. Open second is self-improving skills. Open second is self-improving skills. Open Claw already has persistent memory, Claw already has persistent memory, Claw already has persistent memory, which lets it remember information about which lets it remember information about which lets it remember information about you and shape its to what you like, but you and shape its to what you like, but you and shape its to what you like, but that has its limits, too. Hermes goes that has its limits, too. Hermes goes that has its limits, too. Hermes goes further. It saves those memories and further. It saves those memories and further. It saves those memories and whenever it finds a reusable workflow in whenever it finds a reusable workflow in whenever it finds a reusable workflow in your chats, it turns it into a skill. your chats, it turns it into a skill. your chats, it turns it into a skill. Hermes' persistent memory is built on a Hermes' persistent memory is built on a Hermes' persistent memory is built on a really smart setup. Hermes puts a limit really smart setup. Hermes puts a limit really smart setup. Hermes puts a limit on how large the user.md and memory.md on how large the user.md and memory.md on how large the user.md and memory.md files can be. As you're chatting with files can be. As you're chatting with files can be. As you're chatting with the Hermes agent, it keeps updating the Hermes agent, it keeps updating the Hermes agent, it keeps updating those files after each run. Now, why those files after each run. Now, why those files after each run. Now, why does that limit matter? It's because of does that limit matter? It's because of does that limit matter? It's because of how models work. Just like you, a model how models work. Just like you, a model how models work. Just like you, a model also has a really bad attention span. It also has a really bad attention span. It also has a really bad attention span. It can only focus on a limited amount of can only focus on a limited amount of can only focus on a limited amount of information at a time, and it gets information at a time, and it gets information at a time, and it gets confused when it's given a lot of confused when it's given a lot of confused when it's given a lot of information. And all that information, information. And all that information, information. And all that information, from the prompts and tools to the system from the prompts and tools to the system from the prompts and tools to the system instructions, and on top of that your instructions, and on top of that your instructions, and on top of that your own files, is fighting for the model's own files, is fighting for the model's own files, is fighting for the model's attention in the context window. So, the attention in the context window. So, the attention in the context window. So, the more you fit into that context, the more more you fit into that context, the more more you fit into that context, the more the model loses focus on the actual task the model loses focus on the actual task the model loses focus on the actual task because all the extra information because all the extra