Imagine if you could use Hermes Agent Imagine if you could use Hermes Agent Imagine if you could use Hermes Agent 100% privately and free on your own 100% privately and free on your own 100% privately and free on your own computer. In this video, I'm going to computer. In this video, I'm going to computer. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to power Hermes show you exactly how to power Hermes show you exactly how to power Hermes Agent 100% locally. So, you can build Agent 100% locally. So, you can build Agent 100% locally. So, you can build and use your Hermes operating system and use your Hermes operating system and use your Hermes operating system from $0 and have everything completely from $0 and have everything completely from $0 and have everything completely private with no limitations, rate private with no limitations, rate private with no limitations, rate limits, and work anywhere in the world limits, and work anywhere in the world limits, and work anywhere in the world with no internet. And I'm also going to with no internet. And I'm also going to with no internet. And I'm also going to cover a brand new Hermes update that cover a brand new Hermes update that cover a brand new Hermes update that makes this even easier, even if you're a makes this even easier, even if you're a makes this even easier, even if you're a complete beginner. And if you're new, complete beginner. And if you're new, complete beginner. And if you're new, I'm Jack. I built and sold my left tech I'm Jack. I built and sold my left tech I'm Jack. I built and sold my left tech starter with a gazillion customers. Now starter with a gazillion customers. Now starter with a gazillion customers. Now I build my own AI companies and I share I build my own AI companies and I share I build my own AI companies and I share on this channel the stuff that actually on this channel the stuff that actually on this channel the stuff that actually works. So if you haven't already, grab works. So if you haven't already, grab works. So if you haven't already, grab that beautiful coffee and let's jump that beautiful coffee and let's jump that beautiful coffee and let's jump straight in. So Hermes Agent is the straight in. So Hermes Agent is the straight in. So Hermes Agent is the world's number one AI agent assistant world's number one AI agent assistant world's number one AI agent assistant right now. And with Alama, we can own right now. And with Alama, we can own right now. And with Alama, we can own our own intelligence. And as somebody our own intelligence. And as somebody our own intelligence. And as somebody who recently scored a perfect 100 on an who recently scored a perfect 100 on an who recently scored a perfect 100 on an IQ test, I've been speaking a lot about IQ test, I've been speaking a lot about IQ test, I've been speaking a lot about intelligence recently. Now the idea here intelligence recently. Now the idea here intelligence recently. Now the idea here is it's a private AI and we're going to is it's a private AI and we're going to is it's a private AI and we're going to own it on your own machine. Now one core own it on your own machine. Now one core own it on your own machine. Now one core concept that you have to understand concept that you have to understand concept that you have to understand before we even get started here is that before we even get started here is that before we even get started here is that local AI is the direction travel. It is local AI is the direction travel. It is local AI is the direction travel. It is the future. Jensen Huang at Nvidia the future. Jensen Huang at Nvidia the future. Jensen Huang at Nvidia conference very very recently had this conference very very recently had this conference very very recently had this to say that everybody who uses computers to say that everybody who uses computers to say that everybody who uses computers today as a tool, every engineer, every today as a tool, every engineer, every today as a tool, every engineer, every creative artist will need an AI creative artist will need an AI creative artist will need an AI supercomputer. By the way, and if you supercomputer. By the way, and if you supercomputer. By the way, and if you watch the end of this video, you're watch the end of this video, you're watch the end of this video, you're going to know exactly how to run Hermes going to know exactly how to run Hermes going to know exactly how to run Hermes agent on your phone from anywhere um agent on your phone from anywhere um agent on your phone from anywhere um completely private and locally hosted. completely private and locally hosted. completely private and locally hosted. Now, the idea here with local AI is that Now, the idea here with local AI is that Now, the idea here with local AI is that it runs on your laptop. Your data stays it runs on your laptop. Your data stays it runs on your laptop. Your data stays in the room and you never get a monthly in the room and you never get a monthly in the room and you never get a monthly bill because it's 100% private. You bill because it's 100% private. You bill because it's 100% private. You physically own it. Everything and the physically own it. Everything and the physically own it. Everything and the data is not going to open AI or data is not going to open AI or data is not going to open AI or anthropic. It's completely yours. Now, anthropic. It's completely yours. Now, anthropic. It's completely yours. Now, if you think about the analogy that if you think about the analogy that if you think about the analogy that Jensen used here is that in a phone in Jensen used here is that in a phone in Jensen used here is that in a phone in the 1990s, a beautiful decade to be born the 1990s, a beautiful decade to be born the 1990s, a beautiful decade to be born if you ask me, the whole purpose and if you ask me, the whole purpose and if you ask me, the whole purpose and concept of the phone was that we would concept of the phone was that we would concept of the phone was that we would basically just make calls. And I'm told basically just make calls. And I'm told basically just make calls. And I'm told uh with a great degree of confidence uh with a great degree of confidence uh with a great degree of confidence that people used to have these kind of that people used to have these kind of that people used to have these kind of bricks on the side of their heads bricks on the side of their heads bricks on the side of their heads walking around. Whereas today we walking around. Whereas today we walking around. Whereas today we effectively do everything except make effectively do everything except make effectively do everything except make phone calls. It probably counts at least phone calls. It probably counts at least phone calls. It probably counts at least in my case probably 2% of my actual in my case probably 2% of my actual in my case probably 2% of my actual phone use is on calls. And Jensen's phone use is on calls. And Jensen's phone use is on calls. And Jensen's philosophy here which I think is really philosophy here which I think is really philosophy here which I think is really interesting obviously Jensen being the interesting obviously Jensen being the interesting obviously Jensen being the CEO of Nvidia is that today the one CEO of Nvidia is that today the one CEO of Nvidia is that today the one thing you don't do with your phone is thing you don't do with your phone is thing you don't do with your phone is make phone calls. You just about do make phone calls. You just about do make phone calls. You just about do everything else. his um direction and everything else. his um direction and everything else. his um direction and philosophy which he believes very philosophy which he believes very philosophy which he believes very strongly and is backing Nvidia's future strongly and is backing Nvidia's future strongly and is backing Nvidia's future on is the idea that the same will be on is the idea that the same will be on is the idea that the same will be